NodeGraph: Detect dataframes more accurately based on fields (#47213)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/node-graph.md

| Field name    | Type          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| title         | string        | Name of the node visible in just under the node.                                                                                                                                                         |

> | subtitle      | string        | Additional, name, type or other identifier that will be shown right under the title.                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| subtitle      | string        | Additional, name, type or other identifier shown under the title.                                                                                                                     |
```

> | mainstat      | string/number | First stat shown inside the node itself. Can be either string in which case the value will be shown as it is or it can be a number in which case any unit associated with that field will be also shown. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mainstat      | string/number | First stat shown inside the node itself. It can either be a string showing the value as is or a number. If it is a number,  any unit associated with that field is also shown. |
```

> | secondarystat | string/number | Same as mainStat but shown right under it inside the node.                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| secondarystat | string/number | Same as mainStat, but shown under it inside the node.                                                                                                                                               |
```

| Field name    | Type          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ------------- | ------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | mainstat      | string/number | First stat shown in the overlay when hovering over the edge. Can be either string in which case the value will be shown as it is or it can be a number in which case any unit associated with that field will be also shown |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| mainstat      | string/number | First stat shown in the overlay when hovering over the edge. It can be a string showing the value as is or it can be a number. If it is a number,  any unit associated with that field is also shown |
```

> | secondarystat | string/number | Same as mainStat but shown right under it.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| secondarystat | string/number | Same as mainStat, but shown right under it.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
```
